Products & Pricebooks:
——————————————————————————————————————————
Products can be sold as part of an opportunity.
Products are part of a pricebook. 

app search -> products 
app search -> pricebook

Each opportunity can only have one pricebook. 
You cant have produts from multiple pricebooks onto one opportunity. You must either create a new pricebook with all the products you want or create different opportunities for each pricebook.

Once you select a pricebook on an opportunity, you then select what products from that pricebook will be added onto the opportunity.

When you create a product:
	-you can add the product onto multiple pricebooks
	-you can give it a standard price but users can update that price when adding the product onto the opportunity

Note: not all companies will provide products. Some companies primarily offer services. However, if a company does primarily provide products, you can prompt users to add products to opportunities:
	setup search -> opportunity settings -> prompt users to add products in opportunities
——————————————————————————————————————————
Product Scheduling: 
	setup search -> feature settings -> sales -> products -> produt schedules settings

Sometimes, an opportunity will requrie some products to be shipped in cycles (ie: not all at once). 

Without product scheduling, if you add a product on an opportunity, the date field only specifies the date by which all of them will be delivered. (ie: doesnt specifiy which products will be delivered when)

Also, some products will be paid for in phases as well. 

Solution: 
	1. Must enable product scheduling (quantity scheduling & revenue scheduling)
	2. Once its enabled, you have to add some fields onto the product page layout
		-go to any product, then edit the page layout and ideally you can add a section and call it 'scheduling' and add all revenue and quantity fields
		-you dont have to click activate since you didnt make a change to the lightning page, just the underlying page layout

quantity schedule: when delivery of products is made
	is suitable if your customers pay once but receive the product in increments, for example, as with an annual magazine subscription for a monthly magazine. A quantity schedule defines the dates, number of units, and number of installments for payments, shipping, or other use as determined by your company.

revenue schedule: when payments are made
	suitable if your customers make regular payments but receive the product once, for example, if you sell customized products that are charged in installments but delivered once. A revenue schedule defines the dates, revenue amounts, and number of installments for payments, recognizing revenue, or other use.

revenue and quantity schedule
	suitable if your customers receive their orders on a delivery schedule and pay for the products using a payment schedule, for example, a monthly product subscription that’s paid for monthly.
——————————————————————————————————————————